from the filmmakers of the Lord of the
Rings strange to think this is what it
looked like
that's what happens when the Earth's
crust gets shattered into a thousand
pieces after the war cities were rebuilt
on the Seas in the skies but the
deadliest ones were built on wheels
is one thing
[Applause]
this weapon can wipe out the largest
city in the blink of an eye
not if we shut it down I'm sure you want
to do this
I have to
stand up side until I give you the
signal what signal trust me you'll know
I'm not that subtle
we have to stop London before it
destroys us
that played with fire
[Music]
you want to die
I'm gonna live
[Music]
immortal engines experience it in IMAX
rated pg-13
[Music]